README.md, before:

# leetcode
## Day 1
### [704.Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/)
1. Using while left < right
- This condition avoids mid element being equal to right element, thus reducing the risk of infinite loop.
- Update the right element as 'right = mid'.
- This approach often requires post-processing after the loop, as the exact target might not be determined inside the loop.
2. Using while left <= right
- This condition allows loop to continue until 'left' and 'right' pointer meet (left = right), which can help find the exact match to the problem.
- Update the right element as 'right = mid - 1'.  

3. Complexity
- Time: O(logn)
- Space: O(1), No need extra array space, just use the given array.

### [27.Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/description/) - first time
1. Use fast and slow pointer
- Use fast pointer to iterate orignal array.
- Use slow pointer to skip target value. Update the array follwing the fast pointer. When pointing no-target value, update it with the fast pointer.  When pointing the target value, keep the pointer.
2. Complexity
- Time: O(n)
- Space: O(1), No need extra array space, just use the given array.

Commit message:

Add notes to every problem

README.md, after:

# leetcode
## Day 1
### [704.Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/description/)
1. Using while left < right
- This condition avoids mid element being equal to right element, thus reducing the risk of infinite loop.
- Update the right element as 'right = mid'.
- This approach often requires post-processing after the loop, as the exact target might not be determined inside the loop.
2. Using while left <= right
- This condition allows loop to continue until 'left' and 'right' pointer meet (left = right), which can help find the exact match to the problem.
- Update the right element as 'right = mid - 1'.  

3. Complexity
- Time: O(logn)
- Space: O(1), No need extra array space, just use the given array.

Notes:  
- Very basic problem for Binary Search.   
- Strengthen the understanding of edge condition about left and right pointers.

### [27.Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/description/) - first time
1. Use fast and slow pointer
- Use fast pointer to iterate orignal array.
- Use slow pointer to skip target value. Update the array follwing the fast pointer. When pointing no-target value, update it with the fast pointer.  When pointing the target value, keep the pointer.
2. Complexity
- Time: O(n)
- Space: O(1), No need extra array space, just use the given array.  

Notes:
- When using force brute, it would be out of the index within just one for loop since the loop cannot update its size with the popping, so use two loops is better.
